Add lsp-smart-contracts in the Tools (#424)
lukso-network/docs: docs/tools/lsp-smart-contracts/getting-started.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

- [GitHub: `lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts)
- [NPM: `@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts)

> This library gives you an easy access to all LUKSO smart contracts, ABI, constants, etc.

Reviewer: Suggested changes (but maybe not necessary as you mentioned in the other pages)

```suggestion
This library gives you an easy access to all LUKSO smart contracts in Solidity, JSON ABIs, constants, etc.
```
